=pod

=head1 NAME

YUM::RepoQuery - Query a YUM repository for package information

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use YUM::RepoQuery;

    my $repo = YUM::RepoQuery->new(
        # short tag to id the repo with
        id  => 'f9-updates-src'
        # uri to the repository
        uri => 'ftp://mirrors.kernel.org/fedora/updates/9/SRPMS',
    );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

YUM::RepoQuery takes the URI to a package repository with YUM metadata, and
allows one to query what packages, and versions of those packages, are
available in that repo.

WARNING: This is a very early, primitive package.  "Release early, release
often", right? :)

=head1 INTERFACE

"Release Early, Release Often"

There's a bunch more that we can do here (not the least of which is
documentation!).  As I get time, I'll be updating and adding more; please feel
free to drop a line with patches / requests either at my email or (preferably)
at this module's rt tracker address (L<bug-yum-repoquery@rt.cpan.org>).

=head2 METHODS

=over 4

=item B<new()>

Standard constructor.  Takes a number of arguments, two of which are
required:

=over 4

=item I<id>

(Required) The id one refers to this repo as.  Used mainly in looking for
existing yum cache directories under /var/tmp/.

=item I<uri>

(Required) The URI of the repository.

=back

=item B<primary>

The DBIx::Class schema corresponding to this repository's primary.sqlite.

=item B<other>

The DBIx::Class schema corresponding to this repository's other.sqlite.

=item B<filelists>

The DBIx::Class schema corresponding to this repository's filelists.sqlite.

=item B<packages>

An array of all packages in this repo.

=item B<package_count>

Returns the count of all packages in this repository.

=item B<has_package (str)>

When called with a package name, returns true if that package exists in this
repository.

=item B<get_package (str)>

Given a package name, returns the row object corresponding to it.

=back

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

No bugs have been reported.

There's a lot of room for improvement here; a better set of accessors + tests
would certainly be nice.

Please report any bugs or feature requests to
C<bug-yum-repoquery@rt.cpan.org>, or through the web interface at
L<http://rt.cpan.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

